Add table aws_waf_rate_based_rule. closes #288 (#289)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_waf_rate_based_rule.md

# Table: aws_waf_rate_based_rule

AWS WAF RateBasedRule counts the number of requests that arrive from a specified IP address every five minutes.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  rule_id,
  metric_name
from
  aws_waf_rate_based_rule;
```

> ### List ratebasedrules whose predicates are based on negation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List rate-based rules that allows or blocks a request based on the negation of the settings in the predicates
```
